I've already applied my eyeshadow primer
and we're going to first start by
highlighting my eye with a large flat
shader brush using a map white eyeshadow
and I'm going to apply this right under
my eyebrow next I'm taking a flat shader
brush and I'm going to take this into a
dark green shadow and I'm going to place
that and Pat it all over my lid stopping
at the crease now I'm taking a small
fluffy crease brush and I'm going to go
back into that dark green shadow and I'm
just going to blend this into my crease
so that way there are no harsh lines now
i'm cleaning that brush off and i'm
going to go into a matte reddish brown
shadow and i'm going to blend this a
little bit higher into my crease now i'm
taking a large fluffy crease brush and
I'm going to go into this Matt crease
shade and I'm going to take this just a
little bit higher and kind of layer it
over the shadow that we just took and
just blend all that out so there are no
harsh lines next step I'm taking a small
pencil brush and I'm taking this into a
shimmery bright blue shadow and I'm
going to smudge this into my lower lash
line so that it really gives that jewel
toned pop
now it's time to line our eyes so I'm
taking this black eye kohl and I'm going
to place this in my waterline for the
upper lash line I'm going to take my gel
liner and I'm going to smudge that into
my lash line and almost creating a
winged eye effect last step for the eyes
is the eyelashes so I'm just going to be
curling my lashes and then applying my
mascara and then of course if you want
to make this look a little bit more
dramatic you can always bring out your
false eyelashes and put those on as well
and that completes the look for the eyes
it's a very simple way to put some color
into your smoky eyes now it's time to
apply your blush and I'm going to be
using my angled blush brush and taking a
peachy toned blush shade and applying
that to the apples of my cheeks
I want to keep my lips neutral as while
so I'm going to be applying this creamy
nude lip color and that completes the
slick so I hope you guys enjoyed this
tutorial thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you guys soon